Colonel Durnford... William Vereker. I hear you 've been seeking Officers?
Good ones, yes, Mr Vereker. Gentlemen who can ride and shoot
Your orders, Mr Vereker?
I'm to take the Sikali with the main column to the river
Lord Chelmsford seems to want me to stay back with my Basutos.
I think Chelmsford wants a good man on the border Why he fears a flanking attack and requires a steady Commander in reserve.
Well I assure you, Sir, I have no desire to create difficulties. 45
And I assure you, you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen?
So far only their scouts. But we have had reports of a small Impi farther north, over there.
Lighting COGHILL' 5 cigar: Our good Colonel Dumford scored quite a coup with the Sikali Horse.
Um. There are rumours that my Lord Chelmsford intends to make Durnford Second in Command.
Well that's typical of Her Majesty's army. Appoint an engineer to do a soldier's work.
Do you think she might be interested in someone?
Which one?
Well that one. The one who keeps looking at me.
ft could be you flatter yourself CoghilL It's that odd eye.
Choose your targets men. That's right Watch those markers. 55
Keep steady. You're the best shots of the TwentyFourth. You bunch of heathens, do it
Stuart?
Yes.
How quickly can you move your artillery forward?
Well, my horses are feeding, as you may observe, Mr Coghill. It'll take a little while.
Well, fed or hungry, Pulleine wants them in position immediately. .
Right. Bombardier, to me please.
Yes. I see you've issued each of them with a Martini Henry Carbine. Our quota for Native contingencies: one rifle to ten men and only five rounds per rifle.
But will they make good use of them?
What's that strange name the newspaper chap's called?
Er, called Noggs, Sir Actual name is NorrisNewman. He presented credentials from "The Standard".
Our runners bare his dispatches, do they not?
The only reports of enemy activity have come from the direction of the Royal Kraal, at Ulundi.
Thank you.
Yes?
A large party of Zulus have been sighted in the direction of the King's KraaL Getting up, CHELMSFORD moves over to look at the map on his desk.
Splendid site, Crealock, splendil I want to establish Camp here immediately.
Certainly, Sin
Splendid horsemanship Who are they?
Sikali Horse, My Lord. Christians alL I know each one by name.
They come well recommended do they? DURNFORD
Oh... indeed. Crealock, we should see that Colonel Dumford has an Officer for his hard riders. Perhaps a subaltern from the Twenty Fourth.
I thought it might be more effective to find someone who speaks Zulu.
Excellent. Thank you. Give them to Crealock, would you?
My Lord. This list was prepared for you. I don 't think another can understand its true value.
You intended to bring your reserves across the river?
I have received intelligence from, sources of my own that the Zulu Impis are moving North of here and threaten your left.
Intelligence? Sources of your own? Did it not occur to you they may be native rumours? Rumours to draw you off to leave the whole ofNatal open to a possible counter thrust
Are you dictating the strategy of this war, Sir?
I'm explaining my reasons.
Tomorrow we will continue our advance on Ulundi. Dumford, kindly return to your unit Bring them here immediately to support Pulleine. Mr Vereker will join you as ADC. Do you understand me clearly?
And the threat of counter invasion no longer exists? 40
An historical moment, Gentlemen.
Excuse me, My Lord. NorrisNewman, of "The Standard", My Lord.
1 saw you lead our Cavalry sir
Indeedldid, MyLord. Itwas one ofthe first to cross.
Were they in good heart as they entered enemy territory?
They spurred onto high ground, My Lord, full of spirit and looking for the Zulu. Full of sport they were, My Lord.
Tell what you see. Write it well, Sir, and make sure you get it right
If I've got it right, My Lord, you lead an invasion into Zululand, for I see it all around me, but "why?" is the question my readers will ask. "why?"
Do not confuse yourse{fi Why? We must strike a heavy blow. This cannot be a war of manoeuvre.
So attack is your defence. Well let's hope Cetshwayo will offer his Impis full destruction.
My only fear is that the Zulu will avoid the engagement
What o'clock is it, Mr Noggs?
Eleven o'clock, My LorJ 42
Our friend Colonel Dumford will be should be at this minute approaching Pulleine. I think we'll eat here. I want to scout that mountain top and be back with an appetite in one hour. .
Will you hear "Last Post", Sir?
I listened extra careful to your "Stand To" this mornin', Boy. ft was peifecL I couldn't 've done it better meseif, not even when I was Bugler to The Duke Of Wellington.. .now tell me, where did you get that black eye?
From the Cook, Sir They saw me dip your shaving tin in the teawater this morning, made their tea taste of Lifebuoy toilet soap, they saij Handing him the bottle of gin he purloined earlier. 2t
So, you got it in the line of dooty.. ... point taken.
Will we be fighting the Zulus soo~, Quartermaster? .
Could be. Across the river into Zululand. . They might just be waiting there for us to show up... .them stabbing assegais pointing right at our bellies!....
You afeared of the Zulus then, Quartermaster?
One Zulu is only one man.. ..and I'm afeared of no one man... but the Zulu, they come in the thousands.... like a black wave of death.... in the thousands.... and them assegais.... stabbing!
Why don 't the Zulus attack?
Zulu may not wear shoes or trousers and the like but it don 't mean to say they got no brains. They'll watch us and wait and find our weaknesses.
Yes, sir, name, please?
Food!
Do you have a reservation?
Food!!
I'm sorry, sir. We only seat by reservation.
Drink!
Oh, no siree. If yo don't have a reservation you can skip to maloo.
Foooooood!
Now just one moment. There's no need for roughhousing. Have you ever tried a tip?
GRRRHMMNNNJKJMMMNN!
Franz! Help! Lunatic!
No, not sound.
There must have been someone else down here then.
His what??
His schwanzstucker.
Whew! A nineteeninch drill.
It's working! Oh, Doctor  you play beautifully.
Do you know the theme from 'Doctor Zhivago'?
I'm getting tired.
Why don't we all turn in? It's been a long day.
Look how far we've come.
You can't expect to iron out all the kinks in one night.
I think the doctor is a genius! Don't you, Igor?
Why certainly. Don't you, Frau Blucher?
How do you know they're done?
The doctor said to allow seven minutes: no more and no less  or else they could both become hopelessly paralyzed.
How long is it so far?
Four
Three minutes to go!
Yes.
What d'ya want to do to kill time?
Oh, Igor  I'm so afraid! I just hope this all ends well.
Igor  are you sure the monster has a good brain? Are you absolutely certain that you took the brain of Hans Delbruck that night?
Absolutely! May my mother grow two heads if I'm not telling the truth.
INGA +++$+++
Sounds like visitors. It's all right  Frau Blucher will show them in.
Oh, must be around ten... tenthirty.
Igor  the clock! Hurry!
Another fifteen seconds to go.
Do Something! Stall them!
Extremely well.
How nice.
Did you have a pleasant trip?
Yes, thank you. It wasn't bad.
Did you ever have a roll in the hay?
I'm not sure I...get your drift.
Sometimes I'm afraid of the lightning.
Just an atmospheric discharge. Nothing to be afraid of.
Are you busy?
That's quite all right. What is it, dear?
Could I lie down in your bed for a little while? I just can't sleep.
We only arrived a few minutes ago.
I know, but usually I can fall asleep right away. It must be the strange room.
Well...
Oh please  just till I get sleepy. Then you can force me right back to my room.
Well.. I suppose it would be all right, for just a little while.
Would you like a sandwich?
No, thanks! I want to get right to sleep.
Well... I'll just finish unpacking.
Inga!
Yes, you may... but don't make any noise.
Inga, wake up!
What is it? Is something wrong, Doctor?
Listen! Don't you hear that strange music?
Yes! What could it be at this hour?
I don't know. It just woke me up.
Dr. Fronkonsteen  look!
Whatever it is, it's coming from down there. I'm going down to see.
Let me come with you, Doctor, please! I don't want to stay up here alone.
All right then, quietly! Close your robe and stay right behind me. Don't make a sound!
Ooh!
What a filthy mess.
Look, Doctor!
Well, this explains the music.
But who was playing it?
Oh, doctor!
Perhaps we'd better leave.
'As the minuteness of the parts formed a great hindrance to my speed, I resolved to make the Creature of a gigantic stature.' Of course! That would simplify everything.
And look at this, Doctor!
'Dilation of his sacral parasympathetic impulses would cause an increase in flow of blood and the erection to approximately nineteen inches of his apparatus genitals.'
Soon, all the electrical secrets of Heaven shall be mine.
Oh, Frederick... you're not only a great doctor, you're a great... you're almost a...
A god?
Yes!
I know.
Right here?
Raise the platform, hurry!
Oh! Yes, Doctor.
Reputation. Reputation!
I thought it was wonderful.
I don't understand  I followed the notes to the letter.
It wasn't me.
Look here  if it wasn't you, and it wasn't you, and it wasn't me...
Oh, Doctor!
I think you've done it, master.
Alive! Look at it. I have defeated death!
It looks that way.
What do you think we should do?
What are you going to do?
I think I'll...carry him.
Do you think you can sing it?
Me? Sing?
Yes  quickly, dear!
I'd be so nervous.
This is not the finals  just sing!
It's something daring, 'The Continental,' A way of dancing that's really ultra new; It's very subtle, 'The Continental.'
It has a passion, 'The Conti nental...'
Stop  singing!!!
All right  give it to him!
Are you serious??
Give him the sedative!
Oh! Yes, Doctor.
Did you do it?
I think so.
Good! It shouldn't take more than a few seconds.
Good night, Doctor.
Good night!
Why, doctor...how wonderful for you.
Wonderful? It's terrible! Terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible!
Just passing through the night.
What's wrong, Doctor? You seem... lonely.
Oh, a little. But it's not just physical loneliness. It's the pangs that come from missing someone intellectually... as I have you.
I've missed you intellectually, too, Doctor.
It's terrible  the price society demands in the name of fidelity... ultimately?
Not fooling around.
I know, but I mean  not fooling around physically?... Or not fooling around intellectually?
I see what you mean.
There can never... ever... be anything physical between us. You know that, dear.
I know Frederick.
It wouldn't be fair to Elizabeth.
Of course not.
What?
I say, it wouldn't be fair to you... or to me.
Nor to Elizabeth.
No. Nor to Elizabeth.
We all have our feelings. I know that I have mine. And... I wouldn't want to hurt yours.
And Elizabeth has hers.
Yes, Elizabeth has hers.
But, after all, you have yours.
Yes, I have mine.
And I have mine.
Yes...yes, you have yours.
Why don't we talk inside?
Well... ... perhaps for a few minutes.
Yes, I know.
It wouldn't be fair to her.
Yes, I know.
You've got to help me to remain faithful.
Yes, I will.
...But an intellectual relationship, like this  we could have as often as we wanted. Three times a day  anything!
All right if I turn out the lamp, sweetheart?
MMmmm.
MMMMmmmmm!
Yes, sweetie...I heard you. So! I'm ready for you, meine Liebe.
Are you ready for me?
MMMMmmmmm!
Ready for Fuchsmachen???
MMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!
I love it when you're excited. Come then, my Apfelstrudel! Come into my arms and let me hold you.
Sweetheart.....Is this really you???
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
What's that tune that you're playing
Zis is an old Transylvanian Lullaby.
How sweet! Such a quaint little tune.
May I see your violin?
It's an honor for me, sir. You play the violin?
Oh, just a little.
Nice! Nice little balance to it.
Ja, ja.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNmmmmmmmm?!?
It's alive!
Hello there.
MMMMMmmmmmmm.
How's everything?
MMMmmmmmmmm.
I'm going to untie you  can you understand that?
MMMmmmm! MMMmmmm!
Yes, I'm going to set you free. Is the sedative ready?
It's alive. It's  moving! It's  breathing! It's  standing! What is your name?
... It's.
Get the sedative ready!
MMmmm! MMmmm!
Poo  tmmm anngh ma Ritz!
Diff'rent types who wear a day coat, pants with stripes and cutaway coat, perfect fits.........................
Poo  tmmm anngh ma Ritz!
Dressed up like a million dollar trouper Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper.
Soo  pah doo  per.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmm.
...Super duper. Come let's mix where Rock efellers walk with sticks or 'umber ellas' in their mitts.........................
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm!
For God's sake  go on! Are you trying to make me look like a fool. Sing, you amateur! Sing!!
MMMMMMMMMM! MMMMMMMMMMMM!
Wait! Stop! Don't give them the satisfaction. I know it's tough, but look at how far we've come! Are you going to throw it all away now??
MMMmmmmmm.
Don't you think I know that? But what are you judging by? Bucharest??? This was always a hick town. They can't get a 'Bus and Truck' company to come in here. Are you going to let these idiots get the best of you? ...Or are you going to stand up like a man and show them that you've got more dignity in your little finger than they've got in all their beer bloated bodies put together?
Frederick Frankenstein?
Fron kon steen!
Are you putting me on?
No, it's pronounced Fron kon steen.
And do you also say Fro dereck?
No, Fred ereck.
Why isn't it Frodereck Fronkon steen?
It's not. It's Fredereck Fronkonsteen.
I see.
You must be Igor.
No, it's pronounced Aye gor.
But they told me it was Ee gor.
Well, they were wrong then, weren't they?
You were sent by Herr Falkstein, weren't you?
Yes, that's right. My grandfather and your grandfather used to pal around together. You and I should have a lot of laughs.
I'm sure we will.
This is Inga. They thought you might need an assistant temporarily.
How do you do?
Are these your bags?
Yes, just the two.
Incidentally  I don't mean to embarrass you in any way, but I'm a rather brilliant surgeon. Perhaps I can help you with that hump.
What hump?
There.
I beg your pardon?
There wolf! There castle!
Why are you talking like that?
I thought you wanted to.
No.
Suit yourself...I'm easy. Better watch out for the wockers.
What wockers?
The wockers with the knockers.
Wockers with the knockers???
Go ahead, play dumb! You'll lose your sockers and then be fockers.
Home!
Home.
Down! Get down, you beasts!
I wonder what's got into them?
Ayegor!
Froderick!
What are you doing here?
I got frightened all alone upstairs, so I came down here.
But what you were doing?
Just putting up some tea.
Did you hear that strange music?
What?
Did you hear that strange music??
What?
Did you hear that strange music?
It seems that way. You didn't hear any music at all?
What?
You didn't hear... nothing! Aren't there any lights in this place?
Two switches over there, but I wasn't going to be the first.
Did you see anyone else down here?
No, but when I first came in, there was a light coming from behind that steel door.
What is this place?
Must be the music room.
It is! This was my grandfather's private library. Look at this!
'How I Did It.' Good title!
Funny it should just be lying out here on the table. I wonder what kind of dribble this is?
Taking the book along?
Yes, I think we could all use a good laugh.
What a filthy job!
Could be worse!
How?
Could be raining!
Very little decay. With this magnificent specimen for a body, all we need now is an equally magnificent brain. You know what to do!
I have a pretty good idea.
Do you have the name I wrote down?
Yes. Dr. H. Delbruck.
I want that brain.
Was he any good?
Was he any good??? He was the finest natural philosopher, internal medicine diagnostician and chemical therapist of this century.
Hmm!
And he wrote seventeen cookbooks.
That's not bad.
Can you imagine that brain in this body?
I'm getting excited just thinking about it. What if he's not there?
He only died two weeks ago  I'm sure they'll still have him. Hurry now. I'll prepare the body.
Oh! May I call you 'Master'?
Why?
It's always been one of my favorite names.
If you like  just hurry!
Thank you, Master.
You're sure you know what you're doing?
Yes! It's all written down in the notes. Tie off the kites and come down!
Yes, master. Just don't turn on any radios.
You'd better hurry  I think it's going to rain.
All right... elevate me!
The ancient masters promised impossibilities and performed nothing. We shall penetrate into the recesses of nature. We shall ascend into the Heavens. We shall command the thunders of Heaven, mimic the earthquake and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.
Tonight?
Yes! When I give the word  throw the first switch!
You've got it, master.
Throw the second switch!
This guy means business.
It's not enough. More! More, do you hear me?
What?
More, do you hear me?
What?
Throw the third switch!
Wait till he sees the bill.
You can't win 'em all.
But there must be a reason. This is science, not art.
Cold! Cold and dead!
You mustn't take it so hard. Bucharest wasn't built in a day.
Don't try to cheer me up that way.
Well, I don't like to see you mope.
You'll be getting me sad next.
I'm sorry. I don't mean to take out my frustration on you. You've been a great help to me, and I've let you down.
I'm not that sort you know. I appreciate you feelings, but try to show them some other way.
You're right! Selfpity never got anyone anywhere. Let's go back and finish our dinner.
Oh, do you like it? I'm not partial to desserts, but this is excellent.
Who are you talking to?
To you! You just made a 'yummy' sound, so I thought you liked the dessert.
I didn't make a 'yummy' sound  I just asked what it was.
But you did  I just heard it.
It wasn't me.
Better not get too close, master. This guy could kill you.
I suppose you're right. Inga! Prepare a sedative, just in case.
It's trying to talk. it wants us to take off the straps.
Don't fall for that one.
But don't you see...the brain of Hans Delbruck is inside this grotesque hulk  pleading with us. I've got to untie it.
careful, master  you never can tell with these chaps.
Original.
Give  me  your  hand!
Whew! I'm glad that's over with.
You can say that again.
Yes.
You're just supposed to repeat what you said.
Why?
What's the point of my setup? It's not funny unless you repeat exactly what you said.
I'm not trying to be funny.
Repeat it anyway  it's a wonderful cue.
... I'm glad that's...
No, no! That whole thing!
... Whew! I'm glad that's over with.
It seem to have stopped the big fellow in his tracks.
Ayegor! Find out where that music is coming from as quietly and as blindingly fast as you can.
Yes, Master!
Act casual!
How's it going?
What did you find out?
Someone was playing this in the music room.
Where is he?
How do you know it was a 'he'?
All right  where is she?
How do you know it was a 'she'?
Bring  me  the  violin!
Can you play it?
Maybe...if you get here on time.
Thanks...for all your help.
That's what we're paid for.
I'm a failure.
Come on, Froderick  none of that.
What monster?
What d'ya mean "What monster?' You remember...the one we madein the basement.
You don't understand, Master. The big fellow's broken in and kidnapped your fiancee.
What???
He's carrying her off now through the woods.
No! The only hope now is to get him back here. If I can just find a way to relieve the pressure on his cerebellum...
That sound good, boss.
... and equalize the imbalance in his cerebrospinal fluid...
I like your style, master. How do we get him here?
There's only one way.
I'll bet it's a doozy.
Come on, big fellow!
Is everything ready?
Yes, master. Are you sure you want to go through with it?
It's the only way.
Okay, boss! But I hope you know what you're doing.
That's 'Fronkonsteen.'
I beg your pardon?
My name is pronounced Fron kon steen.
Oh! I thought it was Dr. Frankenstein.
No, it's Dr. Fronkonsteen!
But aren't you the grandson of the famous Dr. Victor Frankenstein?... who performed such fascinating experiments in electricity and galvanism?
That's true! But my grandfather, Victor was, after all, what we might politely refer to as... a cuckoo!
I prefer, by far, to be remembered for my own small contributions to science. Now if we can proceed to your questions.
Well sir... I'm not sure I understand the distinction between 'Reflexive' and 'Voluntary' nerve impulses.
Very good! Since our lab work today is a demonstration of just that distinction... why don't we proceed?
In conclusion... it should be noted that more than common injury to the nerve roots is always serious, because... once a nerve fibber is severed... there is no way to regenerate life back into it. Are there any more questions before we leave?
Dr. Fronkonsteen!
Yes?
Isn't it true that Darwin preserved a piece of vermicelli in a glass case until, by some extraordinary means, it actually began to move with voluntary motion?
A piece of what?
Vermicelli.
Are you speaking of the worm, or ... the spaghetti.
But wasn't that the whole basis of your grandfathers work, sir...? the reanimation of component parts?
My father was a sick man.
But aren't you the least bit curious about it, Doctor? Doesn't the secret of life hold any intrigue for you?
You are talking about the gibberish ravings of a lunatic mind.
Yes, but, sir... if it could be accomplished, wouldn't that eliminate disease from the human frame and render man invulnerable to any but a violent death?
How old are you, young man?
Nineteen, sir.
Nineteen! My dear young man... once the human organism has ceased to function, nature has deemed that creature to be dead.
But look at what's been done with hearts and kidneys!
Hearts and kidneys are Tinker Toys! I'm talking about the Central Nervous System.
But, sir...
I am a scientist...! not a philosopher.
You have more chance of reanimating this knife than you have of mending a broken nervous system,
But your grandfather's work, sir...
My grandfather's work was DooDoo! Dead is Dead! There's only one thing I am interested in... and that is the preservation of LIFE!
Dr. Frankenstein?
Fron kon steen!
My name is Gerhart Falkstein.
Oh, at least, sir. The land alone is worth a small fortune.
But I can't just drop everything and leave. I have responsibilities and obligations.
Do you have a hundred thousand of them, sir?
How long will this whole thing take?
A week. Ten days at most.
I'll have to think it over. It's not so easy just to pick up and...
Well... if you're sure that I could accomplish everything in a week... I suppose I could manage it.
Why did you do that?
What?
Break that old man's violin.
I didn't do that.
The old violinist  you smashed his violin over your knee.
All right then, I suppose I owe the family that much. You'll have everything ready for me when I arrive?
Yes, sir.
One week at the most!?
One week  I'll see to it, sir.
Well, thank you very much for all your trouble.
Not at all  a great privilege, Doctor.
Saturday night then! I'll take the train to New York and fly from there.
Saturday night, yes, sir. Have a pleasant journey!
I hope you find this comfortable. This was Baron Victor's room.
It seems fine.
You'll fine the keys to all the rooms in my cas... all the rooms in your castle on this ring. I'll leave it on the table here.
Does that include the key to the laboratory?
You mean... the laboratory??
Yes!... the laboratory.
No! Dr. Frankenstein always kept that separate.
May I have it, please?
There seem to be quite a few books.
Yes, this was Victor's... the Baron's medical library.
I see. And where is my grandfather's private library?
I don't know what you mean, sir.
well, there was a public and a private library  he said so in his will. these books are all very general  any doctor might have them in his study.
This is the only library I know of.
Surely he kept his notes  his private papers and records in some other place?
I think you must be mistaken, sir.
Well... we'll see.
Will there be anything else?
I don't think so. Is my assistant taken care of?
I put her in the guest room, just down the hall.
Good.
What are you waiting around for, pickle puss?
This wire came while you were gone. Your fiancee will be arriving any moment.
Elizabeth!?! 'Can't waits any longer. Arrive in your arms at ten tonight.' Oh, God! Not tonight.
Darling!...you will be careful!?
Of course.
You have your tickets?
Yes.
And your passport?
Yes, don't worry.
Call me from New York before you leave??
Yes.
Promise??
I promise.
Oh, darling  I'll count the hours that you're away.
Oh, darling  so will I.
Will you miss me?
Very....very!
Mother's going to help me with the invitations.
Oh, nice.
I hope you like large weddings.
Whatever makes you happy.
I've trimmed the list to only our very closest friends...but it still comes to three thousand.
You're incorrigible!
Does that mean you love me?
You bet your boots it does.
I will! Goodbye, darling!
Goodbye, darling.
Goodbye, darling.
Goodbye, darling!
Darling!
Darling!
Surprised?
Surprised!
Love me?
Love you! ...Well, why don't we turn in?
Darling!?!
I mean, it's been a long day. I'm sure you must be as tired as I am. Oh! These are my assistants: Inga and Ayegor.
Ready, darling?
Yes. I am a bit tired, after all.
Give me a hand with these, will you, Ayegor?
What a strange fellow.
Yes, he's a little bit... tilted. Harmless, though.
Why does he call you 'master'?
Are you suggesting I call him master???
No, of course not. I just meant...
All right then!
Poor Delbruck! There must be some way to reach him  to control that body.
Darling, you mustn't worry so.
But there's a genius inside that body  crying out for love and understanding and normal human relationships. I just have to find some way to reestablish his communications system.
But you can't do that at night. And even if you could  it would cost a fortune. Come to bed, darling.
Oh, Delbruck, Delbruck. Was will dien tachlas von Dir?
You've done everything that's humanly possible, Frederick. Oh, darling, I'm so worried about you  you need rest.
I suppose you're right.
Of course I am. Now come along like a good boy.
Is your room just down the hall? ... in case I get frightened during the night?
Yes, but... I thought, perhaps tonight, under the circumstances, I might... stay here with you.
Oh, darling! Don't let's spoil everything.
I don't want to spoil anything  I just want to top it all off.
Would you want me, now, like this, so soon before our wedding? ... So near we can almost touch it? Or wait a little while longer, when I can give myself without hesitation?... When I can be totally and unashamedly yours??
That's a tough choice.
Is it worth taking a chance?
I suppose you're right.
Of course I am. Now give me a kiss and say good night like my good boy.
Good night.
That's my good boy.
Darling!
Hello...?
Surprised?
Well... yes.
Miss me?
I...
What in God's name are you doing?
Baack!
What?
Baack!
You're incorrigible!... Aren't you?
MMMmmmm.
All right then... seven's always been my lucky number.
MMMmm!
Is it that music?
MMMMM! MMMMM!
Probably just some nearby cottage. Nothing to worry about.
Did you see?...I put a special hamper in the bathroom just for your shirts. the other one is just for socks and poopoo undies.
MMmmm.
Still happy you married me?
MMmmm.
Love me oodles and oodles?
MMmmm.
So this is what it's like to be completely happy!
MMmmm.
Herr Falkstein! Did you inform Frederick Frankenstein of this assembly and all the particulars of the time and place?
I did, sir.
But I received a cable only this morning, saying that he could not come.
Was he aware of the importance of this occasion?
Yes, sir, he was. But he said he was obligated to lecture at Johns Hopkins University.
What lecture could be more important than the will of Baron Beaufort Frankenstein?
'Functional areas of the cerebrum in relation to the skull.'
Herr Falkstein! You have your instructions!
Yes, sir.
I have taken an oath that each letter of this testament shall be executed...and by God, it shall be done!
Where did you get this cauliflower?
From your office, sir.
Didn't you prepare it with the celery before my lecture?
Yes, sir. But I must have taken the wrong one when we came up.
Are you trying to make me look like an idiot?
No, sir. It will never happen again.
Here! This cauliflower is useless to me.
Give him an extra dollar.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
He has a big mouth. Yes! It seems to me I did read something about that incident as a student. But you have to remember that a worm  with very few exceptions  is not a human being.
Carlson!
Yes, sir?
Bring me some surgical gauze, a little tape and some disinfectant.
Yes, sir. Do you want the other cauliflower?
... No!
Frederick Frankenstein?
You have the wrong house.
And who might you be?
Dr. Frederick Fronkonsteen.
The grandson of Victor 'Fronkonsteen'?
No!
What was your grandfather's name?
Victor Frankenstein.
Forgive me for intruding so late at night, Herr Baron. But an ugly rumor has it that there are strange goings on in this castle. These good citizens are ready to rip you from limb to limb unless you can offer some rational explanation for their fears. How say you?
Ugly, vicious rumous.
They say, also, that you have recreated the horrible monster who, for so many years, has haunted and terrorized the Godfearing people of this village. What say you to that?
Poppycock!
I think we all need a good night's sleep. Why don't we meet next week and thrash this thing out?
Now wait a minute!
Excuse me, Mr. Waldman  excuse me for interrupting. But is Frederick, then...a medical doctor?
Yes, my dear, he is.
And has he achieved...any special degree of eminence?
He is the fifth leading authority in his field.
Oh, shit.
Herr Falkstein  you must go at once and present Dr. Frankenstein with all the details of his inheritance. The estate will provide for your journey.
I'll never understand your regard for them, Charles.
And I'll never understand terrorists.
I am trying to save our kind, Charles. You should do the same.
Not at the cost of lives, Max.
The two in Alaska. Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time? Still tinkering with Cerebro?
What do you want with him?
Is that so?
Still trying to make the world safe for our kind. Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves  definitively.
You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me, Max. What is it like these days?
Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes. Now come on Charles. For old times sake, for your sake... Leave him to me.
If I could make you understand. If you could just be made to see it the way I do. The way it's going to be.
The way what is going to be?
I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness, Charles. And this one gets a front row seat.
What do you mean to do?
This checkmate goes to you. I didn't want to hurt anyone. But you leave me no choice.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO?
I wouldn't really have let you die, you know. I just needed...
I know.
Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night? The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law  or one just like it  and they will come for you and your children? Take you all away?
It does indeed, Max.
And what do you do when you wake up to that?
I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble.
I lost him.
How?
It was Xavier's people. They knew.
Is that what you're looking for?
A piece. Only a piece.
Is it enough?
Enough for a test.
I'll find him.
ALIVE.
Why is everybody up at sunrise?
The sun is setting, Logan. You've been asleep for nineteen hours.
What did she do to me?
She borrowed your power to save her life. When she touches someone, she absorbs their strengths  their gifts. In your case  your ability to heal. That's why she keeps her body covered.
I felt like she almost killed me.
If she held on any longer she could have.
And you think it helps calling her Rogue?
What am I doing here?
I brought you here so that you would be safe from Magneto.
Who?
A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why, but until we find out, I must ask you to stay.
Fortyeight hours, old man. But if you cross me, I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you.
Deal.
The point of what?
This. This whole God damn thing. Making yourselves into some sort of "team" of superpowered freaks. Teaching wayward mutants about classical literature. For what?
The point is to step into a more evolved position of social responsibility. To recognize that there is a world out there and that we mutants are as much a part of it as normal human beings.
What if it never happens? What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy?  This place is gonna be one giant cemetery.
Now that's Magneto talking.
No. That's me talking. And you know what? It's only been thirtytwo hours and you still have no idea what this guy wants with me.
I believe he wants you for your Adamantium.
Where are we going?
To find Rogue.
How?
The brainwaves of mutants are quite different than those of the average human being.
You designed this yourself?
Actually, Magneto helped me put it together.
He helped you?
We were friends once... But that was a long time ago.
I've found her, Westchester Mall.
I'll go.
Don't you knock?
They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone?
Actually I'm feeling up to leaving.
Why? You have a home here now, if you want it. Everyone will...
What?... miss me? Charley, I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me, it won't be soon enough for everyone here.
I do love a good check mate.
What do you want?
Come with me and I'll let her live.
You think I care about her? I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.
Where am I?
You're backstage at the encore of creation.
What are you going to do?
In the road to survival, there is always sacrifice Logan. We are the future... not them. We must protect ourselves. After tonight, when the leaders of the world return home  They will return as brothers, as mutants... and our cause will be theirs. This is survival, I know you understand that, Logan... or is it Wolverine?
You... wha... Who are you... Where is Henry?
Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator.
You mutant bastards...
Whatever you do to me... no matter what you'll make me right. Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.
Gosh, I hope so.
The intention of registration act 
INTENTION? Intention, Senator? We are talking about mankind here. His fear. It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps. Studied for weaknesses. And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth.
What is it you intend to do to me?
Let's just say, God works too slowly.
You're avoiding the question I posed to you at the beginning of the hearing, Ms. Grey. Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
I am avoiding a question that is decidedly loaded, Senator. The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
Ms. Grey  you work at a school for mutants in Westchester, New York. Can you tell the members of this committee what exactly you are teaching these mutants?
Math. History. Science. English. Athletics 
You wouldn't happen to be teaching them how to use their powers to 
Control, Senator... we teach them control.
This was taken by a state police officer in Secaucus, New Jersey. A man in a minor altercation literally melted the car in front of him. I don't know where you come from, Ms. Grey, but where I come from, you don't go melting people's cars when they cut you off. You do it the old fashioned way  you give 'em the finger. But what you presume to tell this committee 
I presume nothing, I am here to tell you that in time, the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet. Perhaps even your children, Senator.
I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
Dr. Grey.
Senator?
I'm sorry to come here, Ms. Grey. I was afraid if I went to a hospital, they would...
Treat you like a mutant? We are not what you think. Not all of us.
Tell it to the ones that did this to me.
The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change.
I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
Anything else I can get you?
Some cigars. Case of beer.
There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds.
I won't light the cigars  how about that?
I'll see what I can do  You should get some sleep. Even with your healing ability, you're going to be hurting for a while.
What if I like the pain?
The Professor said you were a solider. Actually, I believe he used the word mercenary.
Yeah? Well I don't like to talk about my past.
Maybe, the Professor could help you with that.
By reading my thoughts?
If necessary.
What if they're naughty?
You should always work with a spotter.
He's busy right now.
I was thinking maybe you and me could go into town.
Were you now?
What do you say?
Not interested.
Let go.
Suit yourself.
He's uptight.
He takes his work seriously.
He takes himself seriously.
What is it you're failing to get at? Are you interested in me?
Logan, do you see this ring?
I've seen a lot of rings.
Yeah, I'll bet you have.
Inspiring  Now what am I doing here?
I wanted to talk to you.
How long have you been in Alaska?
I don't remember. Is that what you wanted to ask me?
I've served with men like you before. Methodical. Systematic  Naive. You know what happens to those men in a real fight?
You know, you 
Shut up. I got no interest in you, Xavier, or your... XMen.
I'm o.k. I'm o.k.
Sure you are, sport.
Scott.. I 
I don't like him being here.
What are you talking about?
You saw what happened tonight. You think Magneto won't come after him again. You think he won't come here if necessary. This is a school, for God's sake.
If Magneto is planning to use Logan for some terrible purpose it's our responsibility to do something.
What's wrong with him?
His vital signs are weak and getting weaker.
He's already losing control of his vitals. Respiratory. Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning, I'm afraid.
We have to find Magneto.
Are you all right?
No. I'm... I don't know if we can do this without Charles.
Hey. I'm sorry. About Logan. I was jealous.
Well, I think that's perfectly understandable.
I'll tell you one thing though.
What's that?
He calls me sport one more time, and I'll blow a watermelonsized hole through him.
Radar Stealth Mode checks out. All right, there'll be less security north of the George Washington Bridge. I'm taking her down.
Into the Hudson?
Uhhuh.
I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission. Jean, can you raise me up there?
It's too far.
Storm, Rogue,  you take the south entrance. Jean and I will go in here.
Jean... can you?
I'm sorry. I'm not strong enough.
Can the Professor repair his own mind?
I'm afraid without Cerebro's help, he won't have the strength to heal himself  And without the neuro filter... there's no Cerebro.
It appears as though Magneto has built a machine which somehow triggers the mutator gene in normal human beings. And he is using Adamantium as its core.
Its core?
Correct... Apparently, Adamantium is the only metal strong enough to hold the energy this machine produces. He used the Adamantium in Logan's dog tag to test it on the Senator. And I assume now he plans to use the rest of Logan's skeleton for a larger demonstration.
For what purpose?
Yes  Only there's a problem. The mutator gene is not responding to the radiation the way it would in mother nature. It's forcing the body's cells to replicate thousands of times faster than they're accustomed to. The Senator's body is literally burning itself out. Scott  this machine kills people and I don't think Magneto realizes it.
So where do you think he's planning this larger demonstration?
What does that mean?
The neurofilter acts like a surge protector, regulating the infinite flow of information from Cerebro to the Professor's mind. It's what keeps him from being crushed by the consciousness of millions.
Thomas Edison knew how to make the light bulb. He had the energy source. He had the vacuum. But he didn't have the filament. He tried metal after metal but nothing would hold to power.
... until he found tungsten.
I wish I could go.
We all do.
Storm. Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure, he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island. It is my feeling that Magneto has to
Beast.
That's the guy.
This pizda? Never seen him before.
Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead?
Cops. Like a plague. No matter how many you pay there's always another with his hand out. How did you pick him out?
He flashed his badge to half the bar when he bought his drink.
I appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Whatever you want, the rest of the night, consider it on the house.
Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them.
Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about.
I'm talking about the sports cars that disappear off the docks in Genoa and wind up here. If you don't know about 'em, who does?
I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour.
When else are you gonna do it?
We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for?
Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end pasta rockets. Ten to start.
Don't look at me, X, she handles all the details.
It'll work faster if I have an account number.
Very nice. I'm impressed.
I'm somewhat less so. We seem to have a bit of a problem...
I had to inspect the merchandise first.
Of course.
What's this?
This is a gift. From me to you.
What's going on, my friend?
You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what?
He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you.
Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of.
I don't believe it! You can't shoot a cop in the middle of the street!
Had to do what I had to do.
Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy 99!
What's "Anarchy 99"?
It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours.
You wanna see my politics?
Screw the world. If I'm gonna die for something, it better be bitches and money.
That's what I'm talking about, man! That's why Anarchy 99 was born.
To us it means no walls, no speed limits, no jails. It's everybody does what he wants. People think democracy is freedom but they don't have a clue. There's an old punk song. It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..."
"...try walking into a deli and urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy Burger' by the Vandals.
You got it, man. It's stupid but it's true. True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want. That's when you know you're living, man.
How you gonna do that with government and rules everywhere?
Easy. You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss.
You got a great setup here Yorgi. You really know how to live.
It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's been good to me.
I've been here before, when I was a kid. My old man was in the service, we used to live on the Army base in Hamburg.
You, an Army brat? I don't see that one at all. Did you join the service as well?
Hell no. My dad was a straight up tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this general off and got himself dishonorably discharged. Had a court martial and everything. The charges were total bullshit, so he was sure he'd get his name cleared, but it didn't happen.
Connections and politics, it's the same everywhere.
My old man, he bought into the system, and it screwed him. So he swallowed a bullet. Me, I don't believe in nothing I can't see and touch.
I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl.
That's alright, I'm kinda tired.
You want to insult me? This is my hospitality. Pick one.
That was for Anders.
Don't forget goatee boy. I greased him up on the diamond run.
And you. Why do you have such a problem staying away, my friend? Did you miss us that much?
I wanted to get the hell out of Prague before Silent Night falls.
Not bad, man, not bad. You put things together quick. Prague it is.
What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's the part I don't get. You gonna hold the world hostage with your gas bombs? I didn't think you were dumb enough to go with that hack cliche.
You think I'm after money? I told you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a change. Money is good, but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rules themselves.
So all by yourself, you're going to destroy every government; in the world.
Easier than that, buddy. I'll get them to destroy each other. You kill an entire Peace conference, someone is going to have to pay. Then our friend Ahab continues down the river to the ocean and begins his world tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty soon everyone's involved. These guys bomb those guys, those guys invade these guys. Soon the whole world is like your wild West cowboy days. No rules, no law, everybody free to do what they want.
Including rape, pillage, murder.
Sure, if that's what you want. Why not? It's all human nature. So we just have to launch our baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it.
And here I thought "anarchy" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt.
Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it.
You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of 
Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked.
What's so damn funny?
Been to any good diners lately?
Heads up, man. What's this thing on my back?
A parachute. This does not argue well.
Who's writing this dude's dialogue?
He's a pretty good actor, though.
Help me with this guy.
It's like you said, every man for himself.
They're all over the place! What the hell's going on?
Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war.
Sit down.
I've been on a plane for twelve hours, I think I'll stand.
My name is Slovo, Czech secret police. When you are here you are under my jurisdiction, you take my orders, you do what I say. If you become any kind of an inconvenience, I'll shoot you.
Here we go again.
You're here because your government is putting pressure on my government. This is an internal affair, a Czech affair, that you are interfering with. I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn. Get whatever information your government seeks and get our.
First of all, you should kill whoever sold you that suit. Two, I don't wanna be here either, so just step off. Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch. Now that we've got that sorted out, I'm gonna get some rest.
Nice hops.
The corner. Anarchy 99.
I'll leave you two alone to talk.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Dude, what are you doing here?
You killed me, remember? Now I have to hide out here with you. Where have you been?
I found something big enough for us to take these guys down with. They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash.
Is this what you're looking for?
Sorry, "dude".
What's the deal?
Oh come on, don't feel bad. You got played, so what? You're new at this. Did you think you could just stroll into this business one day and have all the angles figured out?
Why you dogging me up?
They came and found me. They said they'd kill me unless I help them. Plus they offer me a lot of money. No big deal. These things happen. Dump your gun on the floor.
Hey, you don't need all this just to go on vacation. Unless this ain't for going on vacation...
I'm through, Xander.
I can see that. Why?
You run around with maniacs jumping motorcycles in the desert, you break 36 bones crashing wave runners and snowboarding off cliffs, all with no health insurance... It's insane, I can't take it anymore.
I'm having fun, what's the problem?
You have all this talent, and you waste it. You won't take a single endorsement deal. Meanwhile those other guys have their own video games! But no, you've got too much "integrity" for that.
I don't wanna go mersh, you know that. But hey, if this is about money...
French Polynesia? This wouldn't last us a week in a cheap hotel. Do you know how expensive it is down there?
Alright, so I'll get more.
It's not about the money, X! You never plan for anything. I can't live like that anymore, I need some stability.
Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now.
What...?
I was gonna wait till the islands, but...
You're serious?
Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I?
This is so typical. I can't believe you. I've barely seen you for the last three weeks and now this? Are you out of your mind?
I don't know. I thought this is what you wanted. You want stability, here it is.
You can't just propose to me out of nowhere. You think that's going to solve our problems? I'm sorry, X. It was a kick for a while, but it's over. You're just not going anywhere.
You're not exactly "going anywhere" yourself.
You're wrong about that. I'm heading out that door right now.
Hate those Russkie choppers. Rattle trap pieces of garbage. I'm agent Shavers. Toby Lee Shavers. I'm looking for what's his name. Three X' s.
That's would be me.
Back off, just go away you klutz. Alright, here's the story. The items in these cases belong to me. I designed them, built them, and was going to use them in the field myself until you showed up.
I stole your beat, huh? Guess you forgot to brownnose the right people.
Is that supposed to be funny? I'm not laughing. I've worked for ten years to get my shot at being a field agent, funny boy. And ar the last minute I get bumped by you, some reject from the Ozzfest.
Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt.
Listen to you. Right away, sir, anything you say, sir.
Miniature power cams set in on contact, giving you a sure grip on any surface.
They come in any other styles or colors?
This is your standard dart gun.
That one I'm real familiar with.
I think I'll hang on to these.
Think again, that's government property. You have to sign for everything. I've got one more that wasn't on your list.
From the Beastie Boys collection?
It's a stakeout suit. It's got food, water, recording gear, anything you need for covert spying. It's all weather, fire retardant, and if you give this buckle a sharp pull, the whole outfit deploys into a parachute.
You're joking, right?
Now that I've given you the overview, we're going to spend the next couple hours going into extensive operational detail.
I thought that was in detail.
Nothing. He had two days.
Perhaps he is not all he says he is.
What are you doing?
It all happened so fast. Such an unfortunate accident.
What was that for?
I'd forgotten how exciting it is working together.
You've been so quiet lately, Petra, I thought you no longer cared.
Why don't we go below decks and work off some of this adrenaline.
Viktor! Stay the course.
The Peace conference...
Nice place to start, don't you think?
Ten is hardly worth the effort. We're talking a lousy million five U.S.
I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after. And it's a mil two, max.
Do you know what a wire transfer is?
Is she for real? Honey, maybe you should quiet down and let the grownups have a conversation.
My goodness, a word with four syllables. I should get some ice before your brain gets too hot.
Sure. Just chisel some off your heart.
So cute. He shows up for a battle of wits with a mental butter knife.
If you got a problem with me, why are we dancing?
Yorgi asked me to.
You do everything Yorgi says?
Go to hell.
It's gonna be like that, huh? You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else. Why's that?
Mind your business.
Did you guys used to date? That's it, right? He broke your heart and you're still soft on him. That's funny, it don't seem to fit with a tough broad like you.
Where are you going?
Why are you still hanging around? Your business is finished, you should go home.
I was invited. What's your story?
I don't know who you are or where you come from, but I don't like you. You ask too many questions.
Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you.
Don't even bother, X man, I'm not your type.
That right? Why's that?
Who are you?
We hung out last night, remember?
I also remember you drove your car here. Who are you really? Make no mistake, I will shoot you and not feel bad about it. Who are you working for?
Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude trying to make a buck.
Bullshit. I see you look at everything, study everything, ask questions. I know exactly what you're doing. Empty your pockets.
You've got to relax, baby, you're paranoid.
Hey, you're good.
Maybe we should start again, yes? I know so little about you, except that you're not what you say you are.
That makes two of us then, sweetheart, because I ain't buying your bullshit either. You're not like them, I can see it in your eyes. So you tell me, who's bullshitting who?
I don't know what you're talking about.
The eyes don't lie. All this has gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun. Now you don't like it so much, but you're in so deep you can't get out anymore. Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra.
Go to hell!
Look at you. You're helping run things now. You're a gangster. I bet that snuck up on you. You woke up one day and you were a criminal.
What are you?
I'm an information gatherer. You wanna go somewhere and talk about it?
That's how you eat? It's like a gerbil.
I'm from L.A.
So why don't you tell me something about who you gather information for. They obviously have very deep pockets. Are you from a rival clan?
Let's just say I'm freelancing and leave it at that.
Whoever sent you knew what they were doing. You and Yorgi are practically twins. Two nihilistic fashion victims who make a lot of noise but don't say much.
Don't judge a comic book by it's cover.
You agree with a lot of what he says, don't you.
I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound.
Don't even start. I'll be honest, I don't trust you. Bur lets pretend for a minute that what you say is true, that I want to leave. What can you do about it?
The people I know want facts, the kinds of things an insider would know. They're interested in putting Anarchy 99 out of business.
All I have to do is risk my life providing you with these facts.
We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it.
A beach named X? That I'd like to see.
So there you have it. I guess you just have to ask yourself, how bad to you want out?
They tell me you're an American agent.
What are you talking about?
There's no more time for games. They made you. There's a sniper out front waiting to put a bullet in your eye. Tell me if it's true.
It's a long story, but yeah, more or less.
Jesus Christ. You're going to have to go out the back. The data that you copied with your toy. Tomorrow, at six o'clock. Look it up. We're taking a trip. Be there at six and you'll have plenty to tell your people.
If I go out the back, he'll know you've warned me.
That's alright, I'll figure something out.
Not an option. Just get up slowly like everything's cool. Petra, trust me. You just hung yourself out to dry for me, I'm not gonna let you down.
I can't let this happen. I want you to go out the back. I'll make up some excuse.
They'll kill you, you know they will. Besides, there is no back door. Keep smiling. Ready? Now.
So what's the plan with this Ahab? Are they selling it or what?
No, something worse. He says it's a surprise, but I know him. This is his masterpiece.
We've got to find out what it is. Can you handle that?
There's something I didn't have time to tell you before.
What's that?
I'm a agent as well. KGB. I've been undercover for over a year.
You're what? What the hell have you been doing?
I don't know. Eight months ago I stop hearing from my people. No explanation, just silence. So I stay and I wait like I was told. Soon I'm in so far, they'd kill me if I left. Now every day I get farther and farther away from what I was. I'm like you said, a criminal.
I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger.
No, I guess I've been no help at all to you.
Get your head back in the game. There are lives at stake here.
Of course. I'll do what I can. I have to go, before they notice.
When can I see you again?
You can't, it's too risky. I'm not much help anyway, remember?
